Added note for _FILE convention (#17798)
docker/docs: compose/use-secrets.md

In the advanced example above:

- The `secrets` attribute under each service defines the secrets you want to inject into the specific container.
- The top-level `secrets` section defines the variables `db_password` and `db_root_password` and provides the `file` that populates their values.
- The deployment of each container means Docker creates a temporary filesystem mount under `/run/secrets/<secret_name>` with their specific values.

> **Note**
>

> > The [_FILE](https://hub.docker.com/_/mysql) convention is specific to mysql image.

Reviewer: We should make it clear that this is specific to the `mysql` image used in this example, as e.g. https://hub.docker.com/_/postgres also supports this convention, as does much of DOI (cc @tianon).

Maybe something more like:
```suggestion
> The `_FILE` environment variables demonstrated here are a convention used by some images, including Docker Official Images like [mysql](https://hub.docker.com/_/mysql) and [postgres](https://hub.docker.com/_/postgres).
```

Author: Looks good to me.
